The drug used to treat Uveal melanoma is Aldesleukin.
Medicine prescribed for Uveal melanoma is Aldesleukin.
The drug used to treat Uveal melanoma is Interleukin - 2.
Medicine prescribed for Uveal melanoma is Interleukin - 2.
The  brand name for Aldesleukin is Proleukin.
The drug Aldesleukin is sold as Proleukin.
The  brand name for Interleukin - 2 is Proleukin.
The drug Interleukin - 2 is sold as Proleukin.
The side effects of the treatment are: Nausea, Vomiting, Diarrhea, Loss of appetite, Sores in the mouth and thorat, Tiredness, Weakness, Dizziness, Unwell feelin, Pain at the place where the injection was given, Chest pain.
This treatment can cause: Nausea, Vomiting, Diarrhea, Loss of appetite, Sores in the mouth and thorat, Tiredness, Weakness, Dizziness, Unwell feelin, Pain at the place where the injection was given, Chest pain.
If you have one of these side effects, you must go to your medical center: Chest pain, Seizures, Extreme worry, abnormal excitement or agitation, new or worsening depression, seeing things or hearing voices that do not exist (hallucinating), changes in your vision or speech, loss of coordination, decreased alertness, unusual bruising or bleeding, extreme sleepiness or tiredness, difficulty breathing, wheezing, stomach pain, yellowing of the skin or eyes, decreased urination, rash, hives, itching, difficulty breathing or swallowing.
The following side effects are dangerous, please contact with your doctor: Chest pain, Seizures, Extreme worry, abnormal excitement or agitation, new or worsening depression, seeing things or hearing voices that do not exist (hallucinating), changes in your vision or speech, loss of coordination, decreased alertness, unusual bruising or bleeding, extreme sleepiness or tiredness, difficulty breathing, wheezing, stomach pain, yellowing of the skin or eyes, decreased urination, rash, hives, itching, difficulty breathing or swallowing.
The genetic tests for this illness are: Array based techniques, Sanguer sequencing, MLPA based techniques, FISH, Karyotyping, NGS sequencing (except WES), Microsatellite analysis.
Array based techniques, Sanguer sequencing, MLPA based techniques, FISH, Karyotyping, NGS sequencing (except WES), Microsatellite analysis can be used for doing diagnose.
You can put in contact with other patients in the following organisations: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The following networks are people like you: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus.
This link https://www.clicsargent.org.uk corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent.
This link https://www.teenagecancertrust.org corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited.
This link https://www.cancer.be corresponds to this organization: Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique.
This link http://www.enaoniromiaefxi.com/enaoniromiaefxi/ corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish".
This link https://pasykaf.org corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends.
This link http://www.source-vive.org/asso.html corresponds to this organization: France, Association Source Vive.
This link https://www.ligue-cancer.net corresponds to this organization: France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer.
This link http://www.iodomani.it corresponds to this organization: Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili.
This link https://www.kriibskrankkanner.lu corresponds to this organization: Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer.
This link https://koliber-dzieciom.pl corresponds to this organization: Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa.
This link http://www.krwinka.org corresponds to this organization: Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka".
This link https://cancerinfantil.org corresponds to this organization: Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer.
This link http://www.zvoncica.org.rs corresponds to this organization: Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The most common age of onset could be: Adult.
The first signs appear in Adult age.
The prevalence of Uveal melanoma in Europe is 1-9 / 1 000 000.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in cysteinyl leukotriene receptor 2 (CYSLTR2), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing somatic mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in BRCA1 associated protein 1 (BAP1), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing germline mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in G protein subunit alpha q (GNAQ), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing somatic mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in G protein subunit alpha 11 (GNA11), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing somatic mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in splicing factor 3b subunit 1 (SF3B1), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Biomarker tested in.
Very frequent (99-80%) symptoms for Uveal melanoma are: Visual loss, Abnormal fundus morphology, Choroidal melanoma.
Frequent (79-30%) symptoms for Uveal melanoma are: Retinal detachment, Iris melanoma, Ciliary body melanoma.
Occasional (29-5%) symptoms for Uveal melanoma are: Abnormality of refraction, Vitreous hemorrhage, Ocular hypertension, Inferior lens subluxation, Zonular cataract, Mydriasis, Metamorphopsia, Photopsia, Abnormal visual accommodation.
Very rare (<4-1%) symptoms for Uveal melanoma are: Inflammatory abnormality of the eye, Ocular pain.
$ Where is the closest hospital?
$ Where is the nearest center?
$ Where is the closest center?
$ Where is the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest hospital?
$ I am looking for the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest center?
$ I am looking for the nearest center?
$ What is the closest hospital?
$ What is the nearest center?
$ What is the closest center?
$ What is the nearest hospital?
$ Where can I find the closest hospital?
$ Where can I find the nearest center?
$ Where can I find the closest center?
$ Where can I find the nearest hospital?