The drug used to treat Primary melanoma of the central nervous system is  Ipilimumab.
Medicine prescribed for Primary melanoma of the central nervous system is  Ipilimumab.
The drug used to treat Primary melanoma of the central nervous system is MDX-010.
Medicine prescribed for Primary melanoma of the central nervous system is MDX-010.
The  brand name for  Ipilimumab is Yervoy.
The drug  Ipilimumab is sold as Yervoy.
The  brand name for MDX-010 is Yervoy.
The drug MDX-010 is sold as Yervoy.
The side effects of the treatment are: Blood and lymphatic system disorders (674), Cardiac disorders (563), Congenital, familial and genetic disorders (9), Ear and labyrinth disorders (86), Endocrine disorders (1809), Eye disorders (484), Gastrointestinal disorders (4880), General disorders and administration site conditions (4510), Hepatobiliary disorders (1205), Immune system disorders (261), Infections and infestations (1505), Injury, poisoning and procedural complications (1725), Investigations (1612), Metabolism and nutrition disorders (1384), Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders (996), Neoplasms benign, malignant and unspecified (incl cysts and polyps) (2396), Nervous system disorders (1662), Pregnancy, puerperium and perinatal conditions (11), Product issues (8), Psychiatric disorders (376), Renal and urinary disorders (642), Reproductive system and breast disorders (50), Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders (1436), Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders (1940), Social circumstances (9), Surgical and medical procedures (229), Vascular disorders (558).
This treatment can cause: Blood and lymphatic system disorders (674), Cardiac disorders (563), Congenital, familial and genetic disorders (9), Ear and labyrinth disorders (86), Endocrine disorders (1809), Eye disorders (484), Gastrointestinal disorders (4880), General disorders and administration site conditions (4510), Hepatobiliary disorders (1205), Immune system disorders (261), Infections and infestations (1505), Injury, poisoning and procedural complications (1725), Investigations (1612), Metabolism and nutrition disorders (1384), Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders (996), Neoplasms benign, malignant and unspecified (incl cysts and polyps) (2396), Nervous system disorders (1662), Pregnancy, puerperium and perinatal conditions (11), Product issues (8), Psychiatric disorders (376), Renal and urinary disorders (642), Reproductive system and breast disorders (50), Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders (1436), Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders (1940), Social circumstances (9), Surgical and medical procedures (229), Vascular disorders (558).
If you have one of these side effects, you must go to your medical center: intestinal problems (colitis), liver problems (hepatitis), skin problems, nerve problems, hormone gland problems (especially the pituitary, adrenal, and thyroid glands), lung problems (pneumonitis), kidney problems, including nephritis and kidney failure, inflammation of the brain (encephalitis), eye problems.
The following side effects are dangerous, please contact with your doctor: intestinal problems (colitis), liver problems (hepatitis), skin problems, nerve problems, hormone gland problems (especially the pituitary, adrenal, and thyroid glands), lung problems (pneumonitis), kidney problems, including nephritis and kidney failure, inflammation of the brain (encephalitis), eye problems.
The genetic tests for this illness are: .
 can be used for doing diagnose.
You can put in contact with other patients in the following organisations: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The following networks are people like you: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus.
This link https://www.clicsargent.org.uk corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent.
This link https://www.teenagecancertrust.org corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited.
This link https://www.cancer.be corresponds to this organization: Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique.
This link http://www.enaoniromiaefxi.com/enaoniromiaefxi/ corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish".
This link https://pasykaf.org corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends.
This link http://www.source-vive.org/asso.html corresponds to this organization: France, Association Source Vive.
This link https://www.ligue-cancer.net corresponds to this organization: France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer.
This link http://www.iodomani.it corresponds to this organization: Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili.
This link https://www.kriibskrankkanner.lu corresponds to this organization: Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer.
This link https://koliber-dzieciom.pl corresponds to this organization: Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa.
This link http://www.krwinka.org corresponds to this organization: Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka".
This link https://cancerinfantil.org corresponds to this organization: Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer.
This link http://www.zvoncica.org.rs corresponds to this organization: Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in cysteinyl leukotriene receptor 2 (CYSLTR2), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing somatic mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in BRCA1 associated protein 1 (BAP1), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing germline mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in G protein subunit alpha q (GNAQ), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing somatic mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in G protein subunit alpha 11 (GNA11), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing somatic mutation(s) in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in splicing factor 3b subunit 1 (SF3B1), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Biomarker tested in.
 symptoms for Primary melanoma of the central nervous system are: None typical symptoms described consensually but intracranial hypertension, hydrocephalus, neurologic deficits secondary to nerve compression, intracranial hemorrhage, and seizure activity have been observed, Radiological exam required.
$ Where is the closest hospital?
$ Where is the nearest center?
$ Where is the closest center?
$ Where is the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest hospital?
$ I am looking for the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest center?
$ I am looking for the nearest center?
$ What is the closest hospital?
$ What is the nearest center?
$ What is the closest center?
$ What is the nearest hospital?
$ Where can I find the closest hospital?
$ Where can I find the nearest center?
$ Where can I find the closest center?
$ Where can I find the nearest hospital?