The drug used to treat Melanoma of soft tissue is Pazopanib hydrochloride.
Medicine prescribed for Melanoma of soft tissue is Pazopanib hydrochloride.
The  brand name for Pazopanib hydrochloride is VOTRIENT.
The drug Pazopanib hydrochloride is sold as VOTRIENT.
The side effects of the treatment are: Diarrhoea, Skin rash, Tiredness , Change in hair colour, hypertension, Loss of appetite, Weight loss, Headaches, Liver changes, Sore mouth, Loss of skin colour, Soreness, Tummy pain.
This treatment can cause: Diarrhoea, Skin rash, Tiredness , Change in hair colour, hypertension, Loss of appetite, Weight loss, Headaches, Liver changes, Sore mouth, Loss of skin colour, Soreness, Tummy pain.
If you have one of these side effects, you must go to your medical center: heart problems, stroke, changes to your periods, runny nose, skin sensitivity to sunlight.
The following side effects are dangerous, please contact with your doctor: heart problems, stroke, changes to your periods, runny nose, skin sensitivity to sunlight.
The genetic tests for this illness are: PCR based techniques, FISH, NGS techniques.
PCR based techniques, FISH, NGS techniques can be used for doing diagnose.
You can put in contact with other patients in the following organisations: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The following networks are people like you: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus.
This link https://www.clicsargent.org.uk corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent.
This link https://www.teenagecancertrust.org corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited.
This link https://www.cancer.be corresponds to this organization: Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique.
This link http://www.enaoniromiaefxi.com/enaoniromiaefxi/ corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish".
This link https://pasykaf.org corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends.
This link http://www.source-vive.org/asso.html corresponds to this organization: France, Association Source Vive.
This link https://www.ligue-cancer.net corresponds to this organization: France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer.
This link http://www.iodomani.it corresponds to this organization: Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili.
This link https://www.kriibskrankkanner.lu corresponds to this organization: Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer.
This link https://koliber-dzieciom.pl corresponds to this organization: Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa.
This link http://www.krwinka.org corresponds to this organization: Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka".
This link https://cancerinfantil.org corresponds to this organization: Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer.
This link http://www.zvoncica.org.rs corresponds to this organization: Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The most common age of onset could be: Adult.
The first signs appear in Adult age.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in EWS RNA binding protein 1 (EWSR1), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Part of a fusion gene in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in activating transcription factor 1 (ATF1), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Part of a fusion gene in.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in cAMP responsive element binding protein 1 (CREB1), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Part of a fusion gene in.
 symptoms for Melanoma of soft tissue are: Lump or mass, Uncomfortable swelling, Limited mobility, Skin lesions.
$ Where is the closest hospital?
$ Where is the nearest center?
$ Where is the closest center?
$ Where is the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest hospital?
$ I am looking for the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest center?
$ I am looking for the nearest center?
$ What is the closest hospital?
$ What is the nearest center?
$ What is the closest center?
$ What is the nearest hospital?
$ Where can I find the closest hospital?
$ Where can I find the nearest center?
$ Where can I find the closest center?
$ Where can I find the nearest hospital?