The drug used to treat Familial atypical multiple mole melanoma syndrome is interferon-α2b.
Medicine prescribed for Familial atypical multiple mole melanoma syndrome is interferon-α2b.
The  brand name for interferon-α2b is Intron A.
The drug interferon-α2b is sold as Intron A.
The side effects of the treatment are: bruising, bleeding, pain, redness, swelling, or irritation in the place you injected interferon alfa-2b, muscle pain, change in ability to taste, hair loss, dizziness, dry mouth, concentration problems, feeling cold or hot, weight changes, skin changes.
This treatment can cause: bruising, bleeding, pain, redness, swelling, or irritation in the place you injected interferon alfa-2b, muscle pain, change in ability to taste, hair loss, dizziness, dry mouth, concentration problems, feeling cold or hot, weight changes, skin changes.
If you have one of these side effects, you must go to your medical center: rash, hives, skin peeling, itching, difficulty breathing or swallowing, swelling of the eyes, face, mouth, tongue, or throat, changes in vision, stomach pain, tenderness or swelling, yellowing of the skin or eyes, extreme tiredness, confusion, diarrhea, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, back pain, loss of consciousness, numbness, burning or tingling in the hands or feet.
The following side effects are dangerous, please contact with your doctor: rash, hives, skin peeling, itching, difficulty breathing or swallowing, swelling of the eyes, face, mouth, tongue, or throat, changes in vision, stomach pain, tenderness or swelling, yellowing of the skin or eyes, extreme tiredness, confusion, diarrhea, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, back pain, loss of consciousness, numbness, burning or tingling in the hands or feet.
The genetic tests for this illness are: Sanger sequencing, MLPA based techniques, PCR based technique, Microsatellite analysis, Whole Exome Sequencing (WES), Array based techniques, Molecular genetics, Mutation scanning, Targeted mutation analysis.
Sanger sequencing, MLPA based techniques, PCR based technique, Microsatellite analysis, Whole Exome Sequencing (WES), Array based techniques, Molecular genetics, Mutation scanning, Targeted mutation analysis can be used for doing diagnose.
You can put in contact with other patients in the following organisations: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The following networks are people like you: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus,United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent,United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust,Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited,Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique,Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish",Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends,France, Association Source Vive,France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer,Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili,Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer,Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa,Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka",Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer,Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Melanoma Focus.
This link https://www.clicsargent.org.uk corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, CLIC Sargent.
This link https://www.teenagecancertrust.org corresponds to this organization: United Kingdom, Teenage Camcer trust.
This link https://melanomafocus.com corresponds to this organization: Australia, RCA Rare Cancers Australia limited.
This link https://www.cancer.be corresponds to this organization: Belgium, Fondation contre le Cancer, Fondation d'utilité publique.
This link http://www.enaoniromiaefxi.com/enaoniromiaefxi/ corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, Cyprus Association for Children with Cancer and Related Diseases "One Dream One Wish".
This link https://pasykaf.org corresponds to this organization: Cyprus, PA.SY.KA.F - The Cyprus Association of Cancer Patients and Friends.
This link http://www.source-vive.org/asso.html corresponds to this organization: France, Association Source Vive.
This link https://www.ligue-cancer.net corresponds to this organization: France, La Ligue Contre le Cancer.
This link http://www.iodomani.it corresponds to this organization: Italy, ALTI - Associazione ''Io, domani'' per la Lotta contro i Tumori Infantili.
This link https://www.kriibskrankkanner.lu corresponds to this organization: Luxembourg, Een Haerz fir kriibskrank Kanner / Un coeur pour les enfants atteints de cancer.
This link https://koliber-dzieciom.pl corresponds to this organization: Poland, KOLIBER - Stowarzyszenie na rzecz dzieci z choroba nowotworowa.
This link http://www.krwinka.org corresponds to this organization: Poland, Fundacja "Krwinka".
This link https://cancerinfantil.org corresponds to this organization: Spain, Federación Española de Padres de Niños con Cáncer.
This link http://www.zvoncica.org.rs corresponds to this organization: Serbia, ZVONCICA - Childhood cancer parent organisation.
The most common age of onset could be: Adolescent, Adult, Childhood.
The first signs appear in Adolescent, Adult, Childhood age.
The illness can be caused by a mutation in cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor 2A (CDKN2A), you can find more information visiting https://www.uniprot.org/ using this reference: Disease-causing germline mutation(s) in.
 symptoms for Familial atypical multiple mole melanoma syndrome are: Cutaneous neurofibromas , Neurofibromatosis type 1.
$ Where is the closest hospital?
$ Where is the nearest center?
$ Where is the closest center?
$ Where is the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest hospital?
$ I am looking for the nearest hospital?
$ I am looking for the closest center?
$ I am looking for the nearest center?
$ What is the closest hospital?
$ What is the nearest center?
$ What is the closest center?
$ What is the nearest hospital?
$ Where can I find the closest hospital?
$ Where can I find the nearest center?
$ Where can I find the closest center?
$ Where can I find the nearest hospital?